### Roundtable
_Short (less than 1 minute) description of work in the past week._

### Unresolved Topics
_Address any open topics from the past meeting._

* Is there going to be a 2.10 release soon?

### New Topics
_New topics that should be addressed immediately or by the next
meeting._

* __Developer name.  Short description.  Desired resolution.__

* Daniel. Stan v2.10. When do we code freeze?

### Open Discussion Topics
_Any topics that do not need to be addressed in the short term,
including speculation and brainstorming._

* __Developer name.  Short description.__

 * Betancourt.  What should the absolute accuracy goals be for the ODE integrators?
 * Ben. Should we make a PR to https://github.com/WizardMac/ReadStat so that it can write / read the Stan dump format and then include their library in Stan?
 * Ben. Webpage for software that calls Stan
 * Sebastian. Introduction round; Discussion on ode tolerances; merge of robust integrator pull into 2.10?